feat: emacs eglot initialization options documentation (#14)
elixir-tools/elixir-tools.dev: _pages/docs/next-ls/editors.md

(add-hook 'heex-ts-mode-hook 'eglot-ensure)
```

> If you want to set configurations flags (eg. `experiment.completions`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to set initialization options (eg. `experimental.completions.enable`)
```
